{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Here are the details for each package along with its purpose and the associated library in R:
\f1 \

\f0 1. ggplot2
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: ggplot2 is a powerful and flexible data visualization package in R used for creating graphics and plots.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: ggplot2
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("ggplot2")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(ggplot2)`
\f1 \

\f0 2. dplyr
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: dplyr is a package for data manipulation and transformation tasks, providing a set of functions that make data manipulation easier.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: dplyr
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("dplyr")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(dplyr)`
\f1 \

\f0 3. tidyr
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: tidyr is a package for data tidying, which involves reshaping and restructuring data into a tidy format.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: tidyr
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("tidyr")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(tidyr)`
\f1 \

\f0 4. readr
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: readr is a package for reading and parsing data files, providing functions for efficient reading of structured data into R.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: readr
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("readr")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(readr)`
\f1 \

\f0 5. mice
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: mice (Multivariate Imputation by Chained Equations) is a package for multiple imputation of missing data, providing methods for handling missing data through imputation.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: mice
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("mice")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(mice)`
\f1 \

\f0 6. tidyverse
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: tidyverse is a collection of packages for data science and data manipulation, including ggplot2, dplyr, tidyr, and others, providing a consistent set of tools for data analysis.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: tidyverse
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("tidyverse")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(tidyverse)`
\f1 \

\f0 7. e1071
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: e1071 is a package that provides functions for statistical learning and classification, including support vector machines (SVM) and other machine learning algorithms.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: e1071
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("e1071")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(e1071)`
\f1 \

\f0 8. reshape2
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: reshape2 is a package for reshaping and restructuring data, providing functions for transforming data between long and wide formats.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: reshape2
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("reshape2")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(reshape2)`
\f1 \

\f0 9. corrplot
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: corrplot is a package for visualizing correlation matrices and correlation coefficients, providing functions for creating correlation plots.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: corrplot
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("corrplot")`
\f1 \

\f0 10. caret
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: caret (Classification And REgression Training) is a package for machine learning and predictive modeling, providing tools for training and evaluating various classification and regression models.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: caret
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("caret")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(caret)`
\f1 \

\f0 11. ggfortify
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: ggfortify is a package that extends ggplot2 by providing enhanced visualization capabilities for various statistical objects and models.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: ggfortify
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("ggfortify")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(ggfortify)`
\f1 \

\f0 12. GGally
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: GGally is a package for creating extension plots and visualizations for ggplot2, providing functions for exploring data and relationships between variables.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: GGally
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("GGally")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(GGally)`
\f1 \

\f0 13. randomForest
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: randomForest is a package for building and analyzing random forests, a popular ensemble learning method used for classification and regression tasks.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: randomForest
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("randomForest")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(randomForest)`
\f1 \

\f0 14. gridExtra
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: gridExtra is a package for arranging multiple grid-based plots on a single page, providing functions for customizing layout and appearance of plots.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: gridExtra
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("gridExtra")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(gridExtra)`
\f1 \

\f0 15. class
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: class is a package that provides functions for classification tasks, including k-nearest neighbors (KNN) classification.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: class
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("class")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(class)`
\f1 \

\f0 16. data.table
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Purpose: data.table is a package for efficient data manipulation with data tables, providing fast and powerful tools for handling large datasets.
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Library: data.table
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Installation: `install.packages("data.table")`
\f1 \

\f0 \'a0\'a0\'a0\'a0- Usage: `library(data.table)`
\f1 \

\f0 These packages cover a wide range of tasks in data manipulation, visualization, statistical analysis, and machine learning in R.
\f1 \
\
}